docs: readme (#46)
pluto/ronkathon: README.md

  </div>

## Overview
Ronkathon is an implementation of plonkish KZG-based proofs. It is inspired by the common python plonkathon repository, and plonk-by-hand. We use the same curve and field as plonk-by-hand (not secure), and are working towards building everything from scratch to understand everything from first principles.

## Resources

We have found the following resources helpful in understanding the foundational mathematics behind this implementation. After going through these, you should be able to understand the codebase. In order it is recommended to understand:
- Finite Fields
- Extension Fields
- Elliptic Curves over Fields and Extension Fields
- Embedding degree
- Polynomials
- FFTs
- Pairings

### Some notes on the KZG proof construction:
Lets start simple with a finite field and work up to creating two elliptic curve *groups* that have a pairing or bilinear map (more on that later). 
First lets pick a finite field of prime order $p$, we pick $p=101$ since it is small and we are able to follow along plonk-by-hand.
In general large primes are good but we will use a small one just for the sake of example.

> Next lets pick an elliptic curve $y^2=x^3+3$, there are some hueristics to curves that i encurage you to learn more about if you like but you can also black box and know that this is gud curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next lets pick an elliptic curve $y^2=x^3+3$, there are some heuristics to curves that i encourage you to learn more about if you like but you can also black box and know that this is a good curve.
```

So now we have two algebraic structures:
- finite field $F_{101}$
- curve $y^2=x^3+3$
Initially this elliptic curve is just a continuous squiggle, which isn't the most useful. But we can make it discrete by constraining it's points to reside in the field. 
Now it doesn't look like the squiggle we know and love but instead a lattice (you can see [here](https://andrea.corbellini.name/ecc/interactive/modk-add.html) by switching from real numbers to finite fields ).

> Now we have a set of discrete points on the curve over the finite field that form a *[group](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_(mathematics)*, a group has a single operation called the group operation, it is perhaps more abstract than a field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we have a set of discrete points on the curve over the finite field that form a *[group](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_(mathematics))*, a group has a single operation called the group operation, it is perhaps more abstract than a field. 
```
